>> Burke Holland: The other
way to work with MongoDB
is with something called
MongoDB Scrapbooks.
This is part of the Cosmos DB extension.
So I'm gonna Cmd+Shift+P and
then I'm just gonna look for
scrapbook, and choose New Mongo Scrapbook.
And now I'm connected to lamp.
If I type DB and
hit a dot it gives me and prompts me with
all the things that I can do
from here with the MongoDB API.
It sees that I have a colors collection so
it puts that at the top
collections are at the top.
So I'm gonna choose colors, and
then we can run a find command.
If you're not familiar with MongoDB,
it's okay.
It's just a different API for
getting data out of the database.
So I'm gonna hit dot,
and then we can do find.
See, these are all the different
things we can do on this instance.
I'm gonna say find and then like this,
this is all you have to do to
retrieve records for MongoDB.
Then we wanna execute this.
So we can do execute here like this.
And then here's all of
our records on this side.
The other option is to do Command Shift
and then the double quotes button.
And that is the keyboard shortcut for
the same thing.
Now, if we come to this side over here and
we change this, and
click Save, what happens?
We've changed again
directly from the editor.
So you can see here that you can query and
alter your data directly from VS Code.
You don't need to drop down into
the Mongo shell to do that, and
you don't need another
tool to do it either.
Now in this same container
where I've given you MongoDB,
I've also given you
something called SQL Lite.
If you're not familiar with SQL light,
it is a file based database
that supports SQL.
And it's frequently used
in mobile applications.
So a lot of the mobile apps that you
have on iOS and Android use SQL light.
It's a very, very good alternative.
If you want to have a lightweight
file based database.